Encapsulated error handling (#3261)
fastify/fastify: docs/Errors.md

From the [Hooks documentation](Hooks.md#manage-errors-from-a-hook): 
> If you get an error during the execution of your hook, just pass it to `done()` and Fastify will automatically close the request and send the appropriate error code to the user.

If you have defined a custom error handler using `setErrorHandler` the error will
be routed there. If `setErrorHandler` has been called multiple times, the error will be
routed to the precedent error handler if the error handler or an hook `throw` or
call `reply.send(error)`.
Error handlers are fully encapsulated, so a `setErrorHandler` call in an encapsulated

> plugin will limit its effect there.

Reviewer: Do we speak about `plugin` or `context` here? The encapsulation documentation speaks about `context`. Might be confusing

Author: How would you rephrase? The current text sound clear to me but I'm definitely not the target audience for this text.

Reviewer: I don't have a better phrasing to be honest. @jsumners might have an idea ?

Reviewer 2: See my suggestion below.

> If you have defined a custom error handler using `setErrorHandler` the error will
> be routed there. If `setErrorHandler` has been called multiple times, the error will be
> routed to the precedent error handler if the error handler or an hook `throw` or
> call `reply.send(error)`.
> Error handlers are fully encapsulated, so a `setErrorHandler` call in an encapsulated
> plugin will limit its effect there.
> The root error handler is Fastify’s generic error handler which will use the header
> and status code in the Error object if it exists.
> The headers and status code will not be automatically set if a custom error handler
> is provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a custom error handler has been defined through
[`setErrorHandler`](./Server.md#seterrorhandler), the custom error handler will
receive the error passed to the `done()` callback (or through other supported
automatic error handling mechanisms). If `setErrorHandler` has been used
multiple times to define multiple handlers, the error will be routed to the most
precedent handler defined within the error [encapsulation context](./Encapsulation.md).
Error handlers are fully encapsulated, so a `setErrorHandler` call within a
plugin will limit the error handler to that plugin's context.

The root error handler is Fastify's generic error handler. This error handler
will use the headers and status code in the `Error` object, if they exist. The
headers and status code will not be automatically set if a custom error handler
is provided.
```
